Angular: add info about standalone and directives (#6970)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/40 Angular Components/20 Component Configuration Syntax/90 Using Directives.md

> To change attributes of all components of one type in an app, use [defaultOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextBox/Methods/#defaultOptionsrule). To change attributes of multiple specific components, use directives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change attributes of all components of one type in an app, use [defaultOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextBox/Methods/#defaultOptionsrule). To change attributes of multiple components, use directives.
```

When working with [custom directives](https://angular.dev/guide/directives/attribute-directives), follow these steps:

1. Import required components in the `.directive.ts` file. For example, `import { DxButtonComponent } from 'devextreme-angular';`.
2. Define the components in the constructor. Use the [`@Host`](https://angular.dev/api/core/Host?tab=usage-notes) decorator to access the instance of hosting components. Use the [`@Optional`](https://angular.dev/api/core/Optional?tab=usage-notes) decorator when specifying multiple components.
3. Use the `ngOnViewInit()` hook to ensure component initialization.

> The following code snippet creates a directive that changes styling mode and switches "apple" to "banana" in TextArea and TextBox components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code snippet creates a directive that changes the style and switches "apple" to "banana" in the TextArea and TextBox components:
```
